hello here is beck frames
It's been a while since I can not
No video then I'll take advantage of this
The final art I'm doing in the team
online game series of thrones for
talk a little bit to you about the
Last
You can see I'm using a
material called a feather tip I already
I said in the previous video will appear the
a comic for you to check out
previous video
and there is the part that interests me the most in this
material is the stroke weight
people can work with fine lines and
and thick and one is a feather tip of the
color and tac that I bought on the site get
band.com is imported
interesting here depending on how much
you press the say so what is the
pressure you do on the dash you
achieve a different result brings
more son a new trait more and
logically the practice is what will
You have this
this control of your material because
this with any material not only with
foot nozzles because it is not easy you
control something that you do not have
practice is not so important is to do
enough to work with this
material until you can have
control
logically as the paint will
finishing need not reload the
always being careful not to get
with too much ink on the pen because
otherwise you will end up making a line
too thick so I usually do
this cleaning on some piece of paper
paper towel on napkin something
so it's not to be with that
Excess ends up making a mess
during the final depending on the situation
if the line was really thicker
I 'd rather not even do the cleaning leave
enough ink even on the menu in the
Too bad I'm going to get a result
coolest line result
thick right
a greater thickness as in the case of
outline of his clothes that I go
use a larger thickness because I
I want to give a certain volume then to
each part I'm going to make a person
different and I'll show you here
and begin to make the outline
his shoulder will notice that I'm going
need
work with a volume
I'll use some techniques on this side that
I was commenting, you'll understand.
that to give this volume
I'll start with a smoother line
and I'm going to press the pen tip more
stay with the thickest line
do this work of alternating
of thickness
making a sense of volume in each
one of these small works of the plant is a
very cool result
the final result after
and add a few tones of
gray by the computer just to give a
differential effect
I hope you enjoyed this video if
Did you like it helps?
your friends and do not forget to
subscribe to the channel
Thank you very much and see you next time.